cleaned up YAML spacing and related items (#6517)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/delegates/secure-delegates/install-delegates-with-custom-certs.md

1. Create a Kubernetes secret with the custom cert file.

   ```
   kubectl create secret -n <YOUR_NAMESPACE> generic <YOUR_SECRET_NAME> --from-file custom-cert1=<certificate file name>
   ```

   :::info note
   You can install multiple certificates by adding additional `--from-file` arguments. For example:

   ```
   kubectl create secret -n <YOUR_NAMESPACE> generic <YOUR_SECRET_NAME> \
     --from-file custom-cert1=site1cert.pem \
     --from-file custom-cert2=site2cert.pem \
     --from-file custom-cert3=site3cert.pem
   ```
   :::

2. Modify the delegate manifest file to include a volume mount.

   1. Add the following YAML under `spec.template.spec.containers`.
   
   ```yaml
           volumeMounts:
            - mountPath: /opt/harness-delegate/ca-bundle/
              name: custom-certs
              readOnly: true
   ```   

>    2. Add the following YAML under `spec.template.spec`. Replace `<YOUR_SECRET_NAME>` with the value used in creating the secret in step 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Add the following YAML under `spec.template.spec`. Replace `<YOUR_SECRET_NAME>` with the value you used when you created the secret in step 1.
```
